while true; do; kubectl get hpa; sleep 10; done
NAME       REFERENCE             TARGETS    MINPODS   MAXPODS   REPLICAS   AGE
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   6%/50%    1         10        1          18h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   6%/50%    1         10        1          18h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   187%/50%   1         10        1          18h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   187%/50%   1         10        1          18h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   236%/50%   1         10        4          18h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   218%/50%   1         10        4          18h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   218%/50%   1         10        4          18h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   85%/50%   1         10        4          18h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   88%/50%   1         10        4          18h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   88%/50%   1         10        4          18h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   82%/50%   1         10        8          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   54%/50%   1         10        8          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   54%/50%   1         10        8          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   41%/50%   1         10        8          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   33%/50%   1         10        8          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   33%/50%   1         10        8          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   11%/50%   1         10        8          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   6%/50%    1         10        8          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   6%/50%    1         10        8          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   7%/50%    1         10        6          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   6%/50%    1         10        6          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   6%/50%    1         10        6          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   6%/50%    1         10        4          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   8%/50%    1         10        4          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   8%/50%    1         10        4          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   15%/50%   1         10        3          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   8%/50%    1         10        3          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   8%/50%    1         10        3          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   6%/50%    1         10        2          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   6%/50%    1         10        2          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   6%/50%    1         10        2          19h
todo-api   Deployment/todo-api   6%/50%    1         10        1          19h